Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining me again tonight. We're
going to go over some of the things the
Lord showed us last night.
It was a little different prayer
time for what I was seeing about
the Ring of Fire. And the Lord said,
"Great earthquakes on the
West Coast."I saw
major earthquakes getting ready to take
place last night on the West Coast, and
it would shake the nations. The
Lord said he was going to shake the
nations.
What was interesting about this is as I
was looking into the spirit concerning
the water, I saw lakes beginning to get
really hot, and I could see
some kind of
green algae because the water was above-average
warm.
It was producing this green, murky-looking
algae through it, and people
didn't notice it at first; they just
thought the water was warm.
But the temperature kept rising.
I could see certain temperatures
of 70-some degrees—70
then 80—and it went
all the way up to 92 degrees.
It was a lake, a fresh body of
water, not an ocean. I saw
inland, towards the
Portland area, Seattle, all throughout that area,
that the water would
get hot and the fish didn't like the
temperature and they were dying. I
could see them all coming up to the
surface because the water temperature
was too warm. The only way
I could see was that there was some
kind of magma
from volcanic activity coming up under it.
It was warming things.
I don't know if there's an active
volcano in those areas in the past, but
wherever this was, the lava,
the magma was coming up
and making
the water get warm.
Like I said, they were
testing it. I could see them testing
the water temperature, and I saw on
the thermostat—kind of like what you
have on an air conditioner how they
point it at the air conditioning vent
ducts
and they'll be able to say, "Well,
the air is coming out
at this temperature"—well, they were doing
that to the water and they were testing
it, but the fish were dying. And then they
said, "Notice the animals."The
animals knew, and the Lord said in
the prayer time, "I have put it in the
animals to know when danger is about to happen."And
he said, "A great shaking
will bring them to their
knees to bring my bride to my side."And
I saw a shaking
in Japan.
The Lord specifically said,
"The Ring of Fire."He said, "The plates
are shifting and there will be great
earthquakes in the days ahead."I saw
them be record numbers—lots
of earthquakes, big earthquakes,
small earthquakes all happening—and it
would become very active. And I saw a
split in the earth where you could see
deep down in there from the edge, like
the movie San Andreas, like a movie
Hollywood would produce where
the ground would split and
the earth would fall in. You
could look down for a long way
and you could fall in and lose your
life. That's how far it was. I saw the
earth moving, opening up.
That was our
prayer time last night. And the Lord
warned us, "There's going to be
great shakings in the days ahead. I'm
going to shake the Ring of Fire. I'm
going to shake the Ring of Fire."And I
saw droughts. I saw major droughts
coming.
What else
was there? Because that prayer time went
on a long time last night. We prayed for
almost three hours again.
Then we were praying for President Trump,
praying for this weekend, praying for
the Clarity Act, praying for Amy Coney
Barrett
because I saw a paranoia
coming on her again last night. I saw
her mind was being affected by demonic
influence; she was paranoid and she
acts like—and some people say
she's schizophrenic—and the Lord said, "No,
she's not schizophrenic. This is a
spirit tormenting her. It's a spirit
of fear."I saw her peeking out the
blinds again, and I saw her looking
behind corners. She was acting like
she was losing it, and her husband
left her, and
I saw a spirit trying to influence
her big time.
Specifically, that she didn't want to be
a Supreme Court judge anymore. She
said, "I resign. I don't want this. I
want to move on with my life. This is
not what I want."The torment
was so bad she couldn't sleep at night.
I saw her in her bed laying there, and
she could not sleep because she was
listening for her children, thinking
that her children were in danger,
listening for any kind of
sound outside or any
kind of noise because she thought
her life was in danger all the time.
So much so that she started losing her
hair from the stress.
Her hair
is thinning. The Lord
said, "I saw in the vision
her hair started coming out in clumps,
but she didn't want to make it public.
Her
roots were dying. Something was happening."I
saw that last night
and I felt sorry for her. The way
her eyes looked, she looked so
uneasy, like it was killing her
from within.
The position was killing her from
within, but it was demonic influence.
And then the Lord said, "Pray for
Clarence Thomas for his
health. Pray for this and the Supreme
Court judges."But this one was
interesting because it was about her. So
I just see in part here. I
don't know what that's about. Maybe
she's going to deal with some stuff.
Maybe she's not. I'm
sure she's never going to come on there
and tell you she's losing her hair, and
she's never going to tell you if
she's having marriage problems until you
see it in the news or the tabloids
saying, "Oh, they're getting a divorce."I
don't know. I
pray that's not true. I pray I miss it.
That is a very sad situation to see
anybody living in that kind of fear. No
matter if they're right or left,
you don't want to see people
suffering. It's
hard. And so, that's what the Lord
showed me. I saw that, and then we
were praying
over her, and we're praying over
South Korea for a rising up, and
a stirring in Australia
to wake up the
people. And I saw a big clock, and I
could see
the time was up on a big grandfather
clock. But behind the grandfather clock
was a great light shining upon it.
And the Lord said,
"Time's up. Time's
up."I'm
coming. Time's up. And I heard this,
"Bong, bong, bong, bong,"as the
hour... whenever a grandfather
clock sounds beautiful, whenever it
starts the chimes, but it
wasn't like chimes—like a "bing, bing, bing."It
was a very deep
sound like Big Ben,
like a big loud noise.
I
don't know if Big Ben chimes,
but like Big
Ben, you know?
Does Big Ben chime? I don't know. But
that's what I assume it would sound
like. Okay, so I saw that. What
else did we see? Oh, a hurricane hitting
the East Coast—a major
hurricane. Well, you say, "Well, it's
hurricane season, Brandon."Well,
duh. We have hurricanes in this. I
saw a hurricane hitting the Miami and West
Palm Beach area, and I continued to
see a hurricane hitting the Miami and West
Palm Beach area and it was catastrophic.
A major hurricane, category three or four,
and it hit the side. What was
interesting was the surge
was abnormal.
The
water came inland a long way and it was
deep, and people were surfboarding,
like laying on top
of the surfboard using it for a
boat. I saw them doing paddleboard.
They were trying to get from point
A to point B on their bellies, trying to
go through the towns as I saw water.
They didn't evacuate, obviously, but I saw
them and I saw a major hurricane
coming in that area.
I don't know why it
would be significant about that any more
than what any of the others are, but the
Lord showed it to me. So, I just tell
you what I see.
What else?
You saw the dormant seeds.
I saw dormant seeds in the church.
This was
interesting because,
being in the country most of my
life with my family, there are a
bunch of farmers. Grandpa and them
would till the fields with
the big disc and they would take their
John Deeres and run
those fields over and plow
the field up. But there were no big
tire tracks in those fields after
the disc tilled the field up. You
didn't see big tire tracks because the
tractor was ahead and it went ahead, and
they didn't go back over it and mess up
the land unless
they were dragging something, right? But
I saw tire tracks inside of the field
that was sown,
and it was squished down, and all the
tire tracks had messed up where the
field had been planted.
All of a sudden, I saw it was so dry,
and those seeds that you thought were
dormant came up out of the
dryness when rain started coming on
them. And I saw the tire tracks start to
have plants grow up inside the tire
track.
I know it's symbolic. I don't know
what that means, but it was
interesting because the tire
tracks were getting fruit
and all of a sudden the dormant seeds
become life.
I thought that was kind of neat. Is
that
it?
Yeah. And you saw a wildfire.
Japan,.
Yeah, I saw a lot of wildfires. And the
Lord said major wildfires in Colorado.
And he brought that up again. He was
saying that there was arson—people
starting fires on purpose.
Major fires were being set on purpose,
deliberately.
I don't know why,
people are just nuts. So,
we saw that praying over it. Did we
see anything else about Zelensky?
No.
Was that last night or the night before?
Night before.
Okay. So, we saw Zelensky. We saw that
about him and all and
praying over that.
You said you saw something concerning
Trump.
Yeah. I don't want to talk about that.
Okay.
Portland, Oregon.
Yeah, Portland, Oregon.
So, we pray over Trump, we pray
over his family.
That's it on that. So, there are highlights.
For those of you who say, 'Well, I don't
have time to pray,'I give you the
highlights. You don't miss anything here.
I'm going to
try to do it at the very beginning like I
just did for you. So, for those that
don't want to stick around and pray,
that's fine. At least you know what
we saw and what the Lord showed us and
what we are praying over, and that you
can pray over it now on your own time
if you feel led to and see what
happens. Braden has some things
for you that he found in the news today,
and so we'll go from there.
Okay.
So, we have a 7.4 magnitude earthquake that
happened in Mexico today.
Is that the Ring of Fire?
Yes.
So the
Ring of Fire... just like the Lord
said. So less than 24 hours later we
have fruit.
That's interesting. So we have a 4.5
earthquake around the world. Look at
that. The Ring of Fire, just like the
Lord said. Oh, that's the past seven
days.
It's not in the last 12
hours. Why are
you showing that?
Oh, they're showing
that
the Pacific Ring of Fire is shaking.
A magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck off
the coast of Mexico on Friday. So that
one is what the Lord's shown—that's
on the Ring of Fire. He said the Ring of
Fire is going to get very active and
the plates are shifting.
So that was a pretty big one, wasn't it?
Yeah,
7.3.
So it always has fruit. You don't want
to be flaky.
Just really amazing that it would happen
that quick after prayer. I mean, that's
just a couple hours after.
And he was saying,
'Okay, so who is this?'This
guy is saying he thinks... I'm not
going to play it, but he says he thinks
that California is in danger. Whoever
this guy is,
bad news for California.
Actually, Oregon.
I'm telling you all to pray over Oregon.
I saw devastating earthquakes to the
point where over 30,000 people die.
What is this? That's an earthquake.
Wow, that's pretty amazing.
Yeah,
that's a 7.3.
They don't have a whole lot of
footage of it, but it isn't as
bad as Venezuela. Thank God. It didn't—it
just hurt
the land and everything. It was out in
the water.
And they said they had a tsunami.
England.
Wow.
Okay. And then
you need to listen to this now. What
did the Holy Spirit tell us countless times?
He said when it's about the
midterms, and he said when they get to
the midterms, I saw them win the Senate.
The blue win the Senate by
three. I keep seeing the number
three and I said battleground states:
Georgia, Minnesota, and Florida.
Pray over these states a lot because I
keep hearing battleground state. So, Newsom
comes out and says this, and I told
you he's going to slither. Look at his
eyes.
He's reptilian. Look at that. I
shouldn't say that.
Go ahead.
'Well, the only thing missing tonight in
Donald Trump's speech was tinfoil.
This was a legitimate 25th Amendment
moment. The ramblings of a mad king.
Don't get me wrong, foreign
interference in our elections,
that's a real thing. Nothing about what
you watched tonight, though, was real.
It's make-believe. He wants to rig the
election in 2026. He knows he's going to
lose. He needs to rig the election
before one vote was cast. That's what
that whole thing was about tonight. This
is a serious and profound moment where
we can either fall prey to cynicism,
fear, and anxiety, or we can step up and
step in, mobilize, organize, not
agonize, and turn out in record numbers
this November and end Donald Trump's
presidency as we know it. We can do that
together.'The
guy's a real winner. I mean, he's a
blessing. And I'm telling you, he's
going to try to get the presidency in
2028. He'll slither his belly up there
like a snake that he is. And I'm
telling you, people will vote for him. I
saw the Illuminati and I saw he cloaked
himself with a blue thing,
and he's just evil. But it's
interesting to watch what the Lord said
they would do.
They will use the 25th Amendment to try
to take him out with impeachment in
the Senate. And I saw
the judges.
Pray about the judges—Supreme Court
judges and things like that. I don't
know what will happen with that
directly.
But this is what
the Lord said: 25th Amendment. It will
be the major topic. He's not fit
mentally to do it. And here he is. And
that's the ringleader.
He's the ringleader. I'm telling you,
he's going to be
their poster boy of who they want—him and
Booker. I saw Booker doing
some things.
Yeah,
Booker.
And then you'll see Kamala Harris put
on a new suit. She'll try to rebrand
herself.
So, we'll see what happens with this
guy. But I think it's interesting. He
said 25th Amendment, just like the Lord
said. Watch. So, we'll see. By January
1st, you'll hear a lot of
echoes of this. We'll just pray
they don't win the Senate. We
can still turn this thing. I truly
believe we can still pray and change
this thing just like we did last time.
But I keep seeing it bold. I keep seeing
it bold, that they'll win the Senate.
We'll keep the House, but not by as much as
what we have, and
it won't be a landslide victory.
They'll get both. I saw that; I keep
seeing they'll get the Senate. So, let's
pray over this, okay? Because
we need the Senate, but we needed
it with seven more seats. We've got to
pass some things, especially the Save
America Act. And whenever you hear
President Trump's speech and he has the
evidence and he's showing you what's on WhiteHouse.gov
and all that stuff
that he told us all about last night,
what is he going to say whenever we knew
he stole it from Pratt
being a mayor and all the mail-in
ballots they did? They just
finished counting the ballots. What is
it? July the 12th.
July the 12th. The election was in June,
and we don't have a way to count
these ballots all that time? That's
pathetic.
And then all of a sudden, 'Well, you
know, we won.
It was in our favor. We won.'It took us
until the 12th, and there were all mail-in
ballots, and Spencer was ahead,
but he lost fair and square, you know?
And President Trump needs to be...
and the 25th Amendment, 'He's crazy.
He's making all this stuff up.'Tinfoil hat
to what the 12th of July
took us to count all the ballots. You
know, it's just part of it. 'We want to
make sure they're all counted.'Well,
who in the world do you have
working for you in there counting
ballots? My little girl could do a
better job in there flipping the
things. I'll tell you who they've got.
You want me to show you who they got
working for them? Let's go ahead and
show that. Do you want to show them
who's working? This is who they hire to
work on behalf of them in
California. I want to show you
the person that
they hired to count the ballots.
This is not a joke.
Go ahead.
This person is running for Senate in
Maine.
Ashley Webb, what qualifications do you
have to serve in the U.S. Senate?
'Oh, I ran for office several times.
Didn't win, but they didn't run, and then
I'm a songwriter, and then I write my
own books, and then I suppose my transparency—I
wouldn't lie to the
people, and I wouldn't deceive the people
like we're being deceived right now.'Actually,
what...
so that's your qualifications
to serve in the U.S. Senate? 'Oh, I ran for
office several times. You know, like we
get lied—smoke and mirrors—like with
what's going on with ICE,
pretending like these victims did
something wrong. That's
unacceptable.
And I suppose the biggest thing is like,
I'm just an angry citizen now, and if I
got elected, I'd be an angry senator, and
I think that would probably be their
worst nightmare.'Ashley
Webb, what qualification...
they're counting the ballots.
All right, you can move on.
So, Ashley Webb is running for
the Senate and, 'What's your qualifications?''Well,
I wrote a book,
and I...'So,
you want to be a senator, huh? 'Yeah,
I think I qualify for one. I'm
an angry citizen, and I'll be an angry
senator when I get there.'Show
one more.
I want you to hear
Ashley and where she wants to go to the
bathroom.
'And then with the trans community,
like, we're being dehumanized. They say
that we want to hurt people. I don't
want to hurt anybody. I just want to use
the bathroom. And if they want me
to use the men's room, I will, but I
don't want to be
assaulted.'So,
all right, let's move on.
The smoke in New York is covering the
Statue of Liberty. Now, that's pretty
interesting, huh?
Look how thick
it is.
Go ahead. That is incredible.
That is thick smoke in the middle of the
day. You can't even see your
hand. I mean, you know, what is
that?
I'm sure you can see your hand in front
of your face, but that's some thick
smoke.
Mamdani,
he needs to get a vacuum cleaner and
suck all that out there with what? Those
are purifiers.
Those little air purifiers.
That's crazy. Look at that.
Yeah, the whole thing.
I bet it stinks.
Okay. And then they have the big soccer
match there tomorrow.
Yeah, Trump... I think Trump said he went unscripted at
the last one. So where is it?
It's New Jersey, tomorrow night.
Okay, that's the one he wants to go to
tomorrow. Then the last game is
tomorrow in New Jersey. So, we've got to
pray for his protection. They'll have
more security there than anything. But
it's going to be very smoky.
Yeah,
they're handing out masks
for the people because of how bad it is,
which is terrible.
That's a bad fire, man. So, we've got to
pray for that. So then we have taxi
cab drivers in New York doing their
prayers on their cars.
Go ahead and look at that. Can you
hear it? Is there noise to it or are they
cussing?
I don't know, I didn't listen
to it.
Well, don't play it then, because he
probably...
yeah, there's no music to it.
All right,
he's not playing it.
Go ahead.
My God.
So, he's praying to Allah on his cab.
People are kind of just watching. I
guess
it's just a normal day in New York, huh?
So very different.
Next,
France met with Germany.
Germany met with France.
Yeah, they're going to do nuclear
plans. Close nuclear.
Wow. So, here we go.
I wonder what that's going to be like.
What's going on with that?
'Paris, Berlin vow to align on
tougher trade measures against China.'Well,
that's good. That's a good move,
right?
I think so.
Yeah, that's actually smart.
Okay, here we go. These are all the
fires that are spreading throughout
Canada and Colorado and other
areas up there. But the fires are so
bad in Canada. We need to pray for that.
Look at the fires.
They're just out of control.
I think Trump even
said, 'We're holding Canada
responsible.'We're
holding them responsible
that they are not properly maintaining
the forest and brush, wherein the
United States is being unnecessarily
invaded by filthy, polluted, and unhealthy
air. Okay, that's it. Is that all? Yeah,
it
was
a
pretty slow news day.
Nothing about the Clarity Act
today. Nothing. No, they're
just talking. Oh,
this is interesting that you told me
earlier when we were
eating dinner. They found a bunch of
explosives and stuff in a gas truck
that was filled
with weapons going to Lebanon.
What's inside the oil tanker from Iran?
It was inside an oil tanker from
Iran. So, Iran was sending them more
supplies. They pulled this guy over,
and inside the belly of this gas
thing were
tons of explosives
and drones to use against Israel.
Those are the drones that I saw, that I
said I saw them
using even in Cuba.
You see those?
I said they're better than the
ones you can get off of Amazon.
They had a payload on the bottom of them, and it looks like that. That's quite a few of them. Yeah, for sure. That's a lot of little drones for a lot of destruction. And that was just in one tanker. They had
a lot of tankers headed to Lebanon. Yeah,
that's
it.
I know what this is. I think the
Russian came with this.
What in the world? That looks
like a nuclear or something. That's
pretty incredible. What is that?
I'm sorry, I'm shielding
my eyes because it's bright. I was thinking,
you know, I think I'm there. I'm
sorry. It's like, oh God, we've got to
pray. We've
got to pray.
Things are falling apart here. We've got to
intercede.
Oh my God, look at that bomb. That is
incredible.
Massive.
Wow.
Yeah, they're hiding, too. They're doing
what I do. Jump down fast.
Yeah.
Is that real?
That's not AI.
No.
Wow. I bet they can feel
the heat of that.
Well, thank God they're still alive in
that.
But okay, Nick, is that it? Yep.
Very slow news day, though. How long was
that? 30.
Yep.
We did it pretty good.
So that's your news update for today.
Breaking news. Thank you, son. I
appreciate that. You did good.
Gavin was my favorite, though, I have to
say, with that and the person saying my
qualifications.
They found this to the...
Oh, and then the virus all on the
lettuce. They found all this mysterious
pathogen on the lettuce that was going
to Taco Bell and to other restaurants in
America, and they found it was in a
factory in California that was
making everybody sick.
So, all over those states, people
are getting real sick.
Some kind of parasite bug.
What is that?
A hurricane.
Wow. Where did that come from?
I don't know. They said it was on the
west side of...
so, Tampa is going to get some good
rain.
It's not hitting it. It won't hit as
a hurricane, though, right? Is it hitting?
I don't know. Some show it
does, some show it doesn't. So I don't
know.
It hit by...
yeah, some show hits Tampa, some show it
doesn't. So I don't know.
Like this one,
it's not very organized.
Yeah.
The water is warm.
And they had a thing on Clarity Act.
They talked about it.
They talked about their
vision of it.
Well, we pray that they
get it together.
They're discussing it.
Father, we thank you for the wealth
transfer
to supply for the churches to do what
we need to do to get the job done. Today
we'll hear from experts who are building
the next generation of financial
innovation, and we'll hear from them on
why they believe the Clarity Act is
essential. I think today we'll hear...
was that in California?
Congress. Yeah. Congress
volunteering. Yeah.
All right. Who wants to pray now?
You all want to pray?
That was quick.
Yeah.
So, Father, we just thank you
for another great day. We thank you,
Father, for the opportunity just to seek
your face. We thank you, Father, for
your healing power that flows on the
inside of us. We thank you, Lord, that
every single one of us has an
expiration date to sickness and disease.
Father, we're believing that today
is that day; that by your stripes we're
healed, Lord. And I thank you, Lord,
that I agree with every single person
that's represented here
tonight. Whatever they need in their
body, if they need a new whatever,
Father, we just believe in God that
you're the healer and that today is the
day they receive it. Father,
they're believing believers and we know
that we are fully persuaded that what
God has promised, he's able also to
perform.
And Father, when we stretch out and we
believe for something, there is a
manifestation time. We don't just
keep in the believing mode; there's a
receiving mode. We believe
for finances; there's a receiving of
finances. If they're believing for a
great marriage, there's a receiving of a
great marriage. If they're believing for
their kids to be godly and on
fire for you, there's a receiving of
that. And there is a season for
everything. And Father, I thank you, Lord,
that today is the day of the turnaround.
When they look at their calendar,
they mark it on the day. They say, "I
know at that moment."What is it? What is
today? The 17th? 18th?
The 17th at 8:30, at 9:00 at night,
was the day my expiration date. I know
that the turnaround was evident at that
time, that I saw a sudden change
begin. It may just be an olive leaf
coming just like it was in the beak of
the dove. I know that there's an
expiration time. Father, this is
the day of the turnaround that when I
can look at my life and I can visibly
see, visibly acknowledge, and know that
today right now at this time, I say that
this was the time. I know that there
was a sudden change
in my health and then
suddenly I can sense it. I know. I feel
the raindrops on my forehead. I feel the
raindrops. And Father, it's beginning to
rain.
The drought is over. It's beginning to
The drought is over in our life. It's
beginning to rain.
I saw a change.
I believe for the change.
I believe for the suddenlies.
Thank you, Father, that as we
lift up this body before you, we thank
you, Lord, that Christ in us is the hope of
glory. Father, you're the
healer, you're the deliverer. And I
thank you, Lord, that Father, there is
an "and suddenly"in everybody's life for
whatever they're believing for. Not
everybody's believing for the same
thing, but whatever you're believing
for, I believe with you. Let's believe
together that today is the day of "and suddenly."Father,
we take this body in
the name of Jesus and we thank you,
Lord, for what you did for us. We're so
grateful for all that you did for us and
that we're healed and whole and well in
the name of Jesus.
Lord, we thank you for the blood. We
thank you, Lord, for the blood. We make
much of the blood and the blood makes
much of us. It never loses its power. We
thank you for the blood.
What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can
make us whole again? Nothing but the
blood of Jesus. We apply the blood of
Jesus.
Thank you, Lord,
that it never loses its power.
One drop of blood changed my life
forever.
Thank you, Father.
The healing belongs to us. Deliverance
belongs to us. And every curse, every enchantment,
vex, hex, whatever. I thank you,
Lord, that no weapon formed
against us would prosper. And every
tongue that rises against us, we condemn
it.
We believe in the authority of the
believer and we take the blood, Father,
and we apply the blood over what we see.
If there's anything you want to show us
tonight,
we yield
to the anointing of the prophetic. We
yield to the anointing of the watchmen.
We yield, Father, to whatever you have
for us. We yield to intercessory prayer.
Have your way, Lord, and we thank you,
Lord, for it in Jesus'name. Father, we
thank you, Lord, for the blood. We thank
you, Lord, for the blood that it never
loses its power.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
I thank you for the blood.
Healed and whole and well.
Lord, we're
yielded,
Holy Spirit. We're yielded. And if
there's anything you want to show us,
if there's anything you want us to pray
out, we'll do it for you tonight.
We take the blood right now in Jesus'name,
and we thank you, Lord. Amen and
amen.
Lord, we're so grateful that we're
healed. We're so grateful that you set
us free.
We take communion and we do it
often in remembrance of you. What did
Jesus do for me? He did everything.
Thank you for the healing power.
We're so grateful.
It's looking for direction of where he
wants us to go because there's so many
things we can pray for.
I see Paula White.
Now, if you like Paula White, if you
don't like Paula White, just keep it to
yourself. I see Paula White.
Don't put in the comment section; don't
you say nothing. Don't be rude.
Pray for her.
Every assignment, every occultic
assignment against her life, we thank
you, Lord, that it is broken off in the
name of Jesus.
It is broken off in the name of Jesus.
Every word curse
to pull individuals
out of that.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit.
Refiner's fire.
We resist it.
Hallelujah.
All
right. Now, I'm looking at the
coast on the
Atlantic side of
Florida.
A major hurricane is coming.
It's even about the buddy in
the game,
the World Cup. We're
praying over the—you see divine
intervention, don't you?—about
the people gathering in the
streets.
I told you to pray
over
the subways,
over the buildings, over the major
buildings downtown.
Every plot,
every plan, every pursuit.
There's another building in New York
with the disruption of the SIM cards.
They made it again.
They have a
backup to the main thing. It's in New
York again.
What they found over a year ago,
back in September of last year,
they did it again.
They've got another one; they built
another room.
Is the game happening right now—France
and England?
No, tomorrow. Where is
that game?
Miami?
Okay, we're going to pray over Miami.
It's not Miami, though, that I'm seeing;
they don't have buildings like that.
As I'm praying over this, I saw a
glimpse of Malibu again—Malibu,
California.
I see a man
with sunglasses,
like those aviator sunglasses.
They have mirrored lenses.
We believe for your hedge of
protection over us today. We believe for
the hedge of protection all around and
about this nation. We believe for every plot,
every plan, every pursuit across
the land to
be uncovered in the name of
Jesus.
I still see New Orleans,
Bourbon
Street,
with the red, white, and the blue in the French Quarter. Dressed in
red, white, and blue. Pray for the red, white, and blue,
the French Quarter.
Jesus,
I thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord
Jesus.
Angels,
before the angels.
This is not
terrorist.
Able to see
it.
Remember the
bobblehead upon the steps looking to the
White House as
that peacock wraps around
that building.
Remember the
bobblehead
and Rubio.
Glory days.
You see the Trojan horse?
You see him?
The rat,
the rat
smoking muck. The smoke and mirrors.
You'll see it even more. You're
going to see it come out of the box.
You're going to see the
real
true self lie.
It's already starting to get the
hands and the fingers out of the
box.
You're seeing the box open up.
You're going to start to see the fingers
start to creep outside of that box,
waiting to make the moves.
It'll be Pence on steroids.
Anti-Semitism
lies deep within
the heart. I see the heart.
The
Lord
says,
'Parrot,'a
good parrot.
And the keys. How many are there? One,
two, three, four, five. There are five keys on a skeleton
keychain.
You'll see five
keys. Five skeleton keys, all
shaped differently. I see it, but they
have tarnish on them, like white
tarnish.
Why does he have five keys? What are the
five keys?
How many branches of government?
Three.
It's not that.
The Day of the Dead.
The skeleton keys
and the Day of the Dead. The Bay of
the Dead.
I
still
see those five
keys.
They're all different colors and
shapes. Some are
brighter than others; some
are pure white with black on
them. One key is white with black;
it's marbled. It's a marbled skeleton
key with black on it, like onyx with
white. One key is shorter,
skinnier, or longer,
but all five
keys are different on a keychain.
He's holding
the keychain down low, and
I see these five keys
dripping from this thing. One
is marbled, one is
golden, and one looks like silver—tarnished
silver.
And in the hardness of the heart,
it's the
Anti-Semitism. It's a parroting
right now—the parroting for the
true heart will come
out soon.
It's a Nazi. You see the
parroting.
We thank you, Lord.
I
see an old oak tree, but its
trunk is alive. It
almost looks
like it's possessed.
I see one solid oak
tree that looks like something out of
the Mississippi. Those big oak trees are
massive; the trunk on
this thing is massive, but it's alive.
It's moving with some
kind of power,
like an
earthquake going across, like
somebody doing the
wave.
And the roots are very
deep.
It's America.
It's one
oak tree.
What's interesting is it's something to
do with New Orleans.
There was an agreement
out of
New
Orleans. The Lord said
it's out of the agreement in New
Orleans.
It's the pact.
I hear it's the
pact.
The Louisiana Compact?
He said out of the
pact.
I hear the Louisiana
Concerning America,
the oak tree grew, and the keys to the oak tree
for
that 250 years.
There's
something about this pact,
the Louisiana Purchase. The Lord says it's the
Louisiana Purchase, a
pact, a
pact,
the golden guns.
My name. I see a lot of dark black roots
growing on the Mississippi
River, and I see
skeleton keys. There
are
five keys; I see
the holding of the keys.
It has to do with
harbingers,
not a moment
concerning 9/11.
Things that were said are done in the
Spirit.
"Covenants made,
covenants
kept,"that's
what He said. "Covenants I made,
covenants I kept,
but you
didn't."He's
not talking about me; He's talking
about us as a nation, as a whole.
He's talking
about harbingers. What is this?
The
Louisiana
Purchase.
There's more to this than you know.
"Covenants made,
covenants kept"for
the French Quarter.
I see a virus
underneath a microscope.
I see a green outline upon a red
cell.
This green outline has a
tail to it. It's big down here and
it goes out, but they are
individual little blobs underneath the
microscope that are green and red. It
looks like a blood cell with green around
it.
All right,
let's go down there, Lord.
He said, "One more push
tonight; I'll show you
more."It's
the law
in
the Catholic Church. I see
Mother Mary
and
a
candlestick with one white wax candle. I
see Mother Mary, and she has her hands up.
I see a Catholic church,
that building Braden with the rider on
the horse and the beignets.
You
know what I'm talking about?
Is that a Catholic
church?
It
might not be, but
I see Mother Mary and
a candlestick.
The Lord said, "Don't get stuck on it,
just keep praying."He
said
it's
the Roman Catholic;
it's coming from Italy.
"Covenants made, covenants
kept,"but
they didn't do it.
Things
you don't know.
For the oak tree
and the 250th.
Repair the
five
skeleton
keys.
What does it have to do
with him?
Trump was 45, 47, right? Or
48?
It's about 48.
Oh,
a
Judas.
Just remember that:
It's like a Judas
and the Catholic.
How many pieces of silver was it? Thirty
pieces.
I am not calling the one Jesus;
it is like a Judas, a betrayer.
You guys have to grow up.
I am
not even close to saying that;
I'm saying what I saw in a vision.
The Lord represented it like a Judas.
I see you.
You've never worn a robe like that
before;
it's metallic.
Whatever you have need of, just ask Him
for it. There
are
mass healings taking place right
now—a
tidal wave of healings.
He said, "Ask
me for
healings, deliverances."He
came to set the captives free.
I see the wind and the waves around Him.
He's the one who sails with me,
the Master of the sea.
Winds and waves obey His will
when He says to them, "Be still."What
man is this,
that the winds and seas obey?
He's the one who calms the sea.
In
that little glimpse I saw,
He was talking about the
covenant, but I could see His sash.
It was
metallic red tonight, shiny and
beautiful.
He said, "Tell my people
I'm here to heal."I
could see a wave of healing
coming through the camera for you.
He
is the Lily of the Valley,
the Fairest of
ten
thousand.
Jesus,
I receive
all that You have for me.
A fresh touch
is all you need.
Heal and whole and well.
Lord, I love You
and I worship
You.
You are
worthy
to
be praised.
I could hear Lisa singing it,
but as I was looking at Jesus, I could
hear her.
He was looking down at the
Louisiana
Purchase,
the Catholic
Church, the candle,
and Mother Mary.
She had very olive skin.
In the vision, she was a young girl kneeling down in a blue and white outfit, praying. Her face was
nothing like I
pictured;
she had dark eyes
and
really long hair.
You are worthy
to
be praised.
Lord, I love
You and I worship You. I love You and I worship
You. You are worthy to be praised.
You are worthy,
worthy,
worthy
to
be praised.
Lord, I love
You and I worship
You. You are worthy
to be praised,
Lord. I love
You and I worship
You. You are worthy to be praised.
Thank you, Lord.
Mary was looking at Jesus's feet,
and she was sitting by Him as He had
that red metallic-looking thing
on it. And like I said, I've never seen
Jesus with a red metallic—it's
like a sash,
white robe—but I could see the holes in
His feet. And Mary was touching the
holes in Jesus's feet.
She was touching the holes in His
feet,
and she had her hair
down by His feet. She was praying
and bowing to
her son.
But it was about the Catholic Church, and
I saw that candlestick, and there was one,
and it was a wooden candle
holder. It looked like a wooden, like
olive wood, candle holder.
Lord, I love
You
and I worship
You.
You are worthy
to
be praised.
Lord, I love You
and I worship
You. You are worthy
to be praised.
You are worthy,
worthy,
worthy
to
be praised.
You are worthy,
worthy,
worthy
to
be praised.
If I could just sit
with You
a while.
I need You to hold me,
moment by moment,
till forever
passes by.
If I could just sit
with You
a while,
Jesus.
You're worthy.
You are worthy.
You are holy,
and there is none like You.
There is none like You.
You are holy.
You are worthy,
and there is none like You.
And I worship
You.
You are worthy
to
be praised.
You are worthy,
worthy,
worthy
to
be praised.
Lord, I love
You and I worship
You. You are worthy
to
be praised.
You are worthy.
I'm so thankful, Father.
I'm so thankful for the things You show
me.
I'm so thankful, Father.
What a mighty God we serve.
We worship You.
Thank You, Father, for another time of
prayer.
Now, Father, we pray over President
Trump.
And we thank You, Lord, that he has eyes
to see and that his eyes have great
discernment on who he trusts and who he
doesn't.
I thank You, Father, that President
Trump has a backbone like a crowbar to
finish the job,
that he doesn't grow weary in well-doing,
and when the storm winds blow... his eyes.
That's interesting. His eyes.
Do you know how cataracts have like a
white film on them?
These eyes have a blue film on them
that's a dark purple.
Half of the eye is bloodshot,
but the eye has a blue film on it that
looks like purple. It's a purple-bluish
color;
it's symbolic. We thank You,
Father, that his eyes are clear.
His eyes are clear and he's able to
discern evil when it's near.
I thank You that he takes no counsel
from the ungodly.
I apply the blood around President
Trump, around his life, over
Ivanka, Barron, Tiffany,
Eric,
and Don Jr., and even Kai. I thank You,
Father, that there's a covering over
that family. Every plot, every
plan, every pursuit to kill, steal, and
destroy their lives in any way, I thank
You, Lord, that it is brought to naught. No
weapon formed against the family, the
first family, or the
second family. I even pray over JD
Vance. I thank You, Father, for the
protection over them and over
Marco Rubio. I thank You, Father, that
Byron wins by a landslide.
You pray over Byron and over Mike
Lindell. And I thank You, Lord, for the
covering over these men in the name of
Jesus, that Father, their campaigns are
not over, but Father, this is just the
beginning. And they win by a landslide,
the battleground states.
Father, we call the fires to be put out
in Canada. I thank You, Father, the
fires are being put out in the name of
Jesus, that Carney gets out of the way.
Obviously, he doesn't know what he's
doing. But Father, I thank You, Lord,
that the people are able to put these fires
out. We call rain over Canada in
the name of Jesus. And we thank You,
Lord, that the fires are put out now.
Help the firefighters, help the
wildlife people. And I thank You, Lord,
that the fires are put out in Canada in
the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, that the believers are
in the right place at the right time,
doing exactly what You need them to do.
And Father, they'll be quick to obey,
quick to hear, quick to
obey. They follow You, and a stranger's
voice they'll not follow. We pray over
President Trump if he goes to that game
tomorrow or Sunday, that the
smoke won't be bad. Father, he'll be
protected if he needs to go. If not,
he'll stay home. And Father, I thank
You, Lord, that the Clarity Act passes.
We call a
hedge of protection over Trump and over Kai. I'm
sure she'll go, and over his family,
whoever goes with him. Father, there's a
protection over him as he's in MetLife.
There'll be
great security.
It's not about
MetLife.
We pray over his sons, we pray over Don
Jr., we pray over the family. We thank
You, Lord, that the First Lady is
protected.
She's well protected.
In fact, they aren't even looking
her direction;
she's in her own little
bubble. It seems like I see her at Mar-a-Lago,
and then she
comes back. I see protection over her;
she's
protected
wherever she goes,
just relaxing,
enjoying life. Father, I thank You
for
the family. Protect them.
Thank You, Lord,
that
the people
realize
the urgency of the hour, where we are
right now, and they are not blinded by
slick tongues.
They have discernment
and they'll know who is good and who is
not.
Thank You, Father. They don't
just listen; they're able to hear
inwardly.
We thank You, Lord, for the Clarity Act
to pass and we get this ball rolling.
The beast system is
here, and
I'm ready for You to come, Lord. I'm so
excited for Your return.
And we know what has to happen for You to return—the
end, birthing
pains; things have to come and
accelerate. And that's all right. We're
not afraid. We have boldness in the day
of, and we see all around us, but we have
discernment and we're able to know
where to pray and how to pray. And
Father, we just keep taking our
authority. We're not concerned about
what's going on in the government or
everything else because we're looking
up. We are
preaching to the people and telling them
that Jesus Christ is coming, and I'm
excited about it.
Amen and amen.
Well, praise the Lord. We'll be back
again tomorrow and we'll pray again.
6,500 of you, thank you for
being here—almost 7,000 people. And
I got blessed; I'm
very thankful. I was doing prayer
tonight and I saw Mary. I've
never got to see Mary before,
and that was amazing.
I'll cherish that for the rest of
my life.
The Lord allowed me to see His mother.
I didn't realize
what she would look like;
I saw very great detail.
I don't worship Mary;
I think it's cool what she did when she
was young. I reverence and
honor her, but
I don't pray to Mary; I
pray to Jesus. But
it was something about the Catholic
Church.
Everything tonight in the vision... there are
things I saw I cannot talk about
right now, and there are things that I saw
that
were very disturbing.
Yeah.
But I'm going to say that what the
Lord showed me was pretty
amazing. And I'm going to do some
history lessons tonight
because I have no idea what any of that
was and the things that He was
showing me about the five keys, particularly the Louisiana Purchase and how important it was. But
there
were
covenants made for the purchase. There were
covenants made with him. There were
things that were made, and if it
didn't happen, America wouldn't exist
the way we have it now.
There were things that happened and the
Lord caused them to happen. There were
covenants made and
covenants kept, but you didn't keep
yours. And I'm trying to figure out what
He's talking about, but I saw five keys
and I saw the Catholic Church in
the French Quarter. But then I saw an
attack, like something was
about to happen, and I saw a shaking in
New Orleans in
the French Quarter. And I was praying,
and the Lord said, 'Harbingers,'and
I saw harbingers—Jonathan Cahn stuff—and
I was
thinking, 'What is this?'But
there were agreements that were made,
and then I saw to pray for Times
Square and for the subways and
New York buildings and things like
that. There
was a lot of detail to
these visions tonight, a lot. And
a lot of it I hold for a little bit until
I feel peace to release it because I said
something I shouldn't have said and the
Lord corrected me. And so
that's why I'm trying to walk out what I'm seeing,
because I know
there were things He's talking to me
about, and I'm seeing things and thinking, 'We've
got a lot of corrupt people in office.'And
so, you know, it is what it is.
I love prayer time with my Father,
though.
Well, God bless you all. I pray you were
blessed and I thank you for being here.
We will be back again tomorrow,
Saturday, and we'll pray over the games
and keep doing just like
how we always do. God bless you all. We
love you. Thank you for being here.
If you've
never asked Jesus Christ to be your
Lord and personal Savior tonight,
I don't want to leave here without
giving you the opportunity to ask my
friend to be your friend, to invite Him
into your life and repent of
your sins. Turn from your wicked ways.
Today is the day of salvation.
I truly believe you're not here by
accident. You're here by divine design.
Your heart was drawn to it, obviously,
and you're here. But tonight's the
night, and even if you don't even know Jesus—you're
like, 'What is going on here?'—you're
not here, like I said, by
accident. Jesus has a plan for your life
and He wants you.
No one comes to the Father unless he's
being called by Him right now. And I
believe if you're here and you feel that
tug on your heart
and you're saying, 'Brandon, that's my
name. Will you please pray for me?
I'm at the end
of my road. I don't know where to go
from here.'I believe, like I said,
tonight's your night. So, if you believe
that and you want to say the sinner's
prayer and you want to ask Jesus Christ
to be your Lord and personal Savior, I want
to say a prayer for you. And I want you
to repeat the prayer after me and
say it with your whole heart. Say it
with all you have.
Or you might be a person that
used to be on fire for the Father.
You used to be sold out, and over time
you've just gotten a little lukewarm.
You're cold and you're not where you
should be, and you know it. The very sin
you were repenting of and said you
turned away from, you went back to. And
you're like, 'Brandon, I know I'm not
doing right. I need a fresh, clean
start. Tonight's my night. I need to ask
Jesus to forgive me some things. I need
to make sure that I'm right
with God.'If you want to make sure
you're right with God—which I know He
loves you and He has a plan for your life—but
you want to do this and you
want to have a fresh, clean start as a sold-out
person,
well, I'm going to pray for you, too.
Just repeat this prayer after me. Say,
'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose
again on the third day.
Tonight, I repent of my sins.
I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. I ask
You to forgive me of my sins. I ask You
to wash me with Your precious blood.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
Thank You, Jesus, that as of today, I
turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on the sin I was doing. I
turn my back on any kind of
agreements I made with the devil or
false religion or whatever. I break them. I'm
not going to worship any other gods. I
only worship the one and only true God,
Jesus Christ.
I will worship You all the rest of my
life. From this day forward, I sell out
to You. I'll have no other gods before
me. There will only be You, Jesus. And I
thank You, Lord, that as of
today, I'm born again. I'm born again.
I'm a new creation created in Christ
Jesus. Behold, all things are passed
away. Behold, all things are brand new
today. I'm a new creature. I'm
created in You, Jesus.
As He is, so are we in this world. And
so, I thank You, Lord, that You have
forgiven me and You've made me brand
new today. And I receive it by faith in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.'I believe if
you just said that prayer, you just got
born again. Even if you said it for the
hundredth time,
you can't say it enough. I'm so
sold out to Jesus. I am all His.
And so, if you just said that
prayer and you don't know what to do
next, you're going to go to church. You
need to go to a Holy Ghost church.
Don't go to a church that's all watered
down and boring, where you go,
'Well, I don't know why I'm even here.'No,
go and get fed somewhere good. You
go to a good steak place or a good place
where you like to eat. Maybe you're a
vegan and you like to eat tofu;
go to a good tofu place.
But I would go to a place that
feeds me well so I don't get
weak and anemic
spiritually. You've got to keep yourself
strong in these last days because the
enemy comes as a roaring lion seeking
whom he may devour. He can't devour the
one that knows who they are. So, you've got
to get plugged in so you know who you
are and read your Bible. Tell the pastor
there, 'Listen, I want to get water baptized.'Get
water baptized. Get
plugged in. Be excited about your
decision today. I'm telling you, you
just made the best decision you could
ever make. Read your Bible every day.
Get a Bible; if you don't have one,
we will send you a Bible for
free. You just have to email us in the
description down below.
Put in a headline, 'I got born again.'Give
me your name and your address. We
won't solicit you; we won't bother you for
anything else. We just want to be
a blessing to you and give you a Bible.
So, you read that Bible every day.
Let it become real to you. Read it. Read
Psalms; it's an easy read right now. Read
Psalms. Read Proverbs. Read Ephesians,
and just study it.
The Word will change you
from the inside out. So, I'm excited
you're here. Come over here and
pray with us. Be a part of our prayer
group.
Click the notification bell. Be a part
of it, and like, thumbs up—all
the things you can do to help us. And
tell us, 'Hey, I got born again today,'in
the comments down below
so we can be excited with
you. There are a lot of good praying
people in here, so they'll be
saying congratulations and being
excited that you got
born again tonight. So, all 26 of you
that gave your heart to Jesus Christ
tonight and rededicated your life:
welcome home. I'm excited you're here. Twenty-six
of you gave your heart to Jesus
Christ. Last time we
did it, it was 30-some, and tonight's 26.
We're excited for all 26 of you that
gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Welcome home.
We'll
be back again tomorrow and we'll pray
more.
We just keep going, but we
love you. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you and we love you. God bless you
all, and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.